♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
Roland: THE FOUR
BATTLE CITY FINALISTS
ARE NOW BEING TRANSPORTED
TO THE TOP OF THE TOWER
FOR THE FIRST DUEL
OF THE SEMIFINALS!
Yami-Marik:
OUR SHADOW GAME AWAITS!
I HOPE YOU'RE PREPARED
TO BE SWALLOWED UP
BY THE DARKNESS!
KEEP DREAMIN', PSYCHO!
[THINKING]
AT LAST, I CAN DEFEAT YUGI
AND RECLAIM MY GLORY!
Yugi, thinking:
I HAFTA CRUSH KAIBA
TO GET TO MARIK!
IT'S THE ONLY WAY I CAN SAVE
THE WORLD FROM DESTRUCTION!
WELL, THIS IS IT!
THE DUEL STARTS NOW!
LET'S GO!
MOVE IT
OR MISS IT!
HOLD THE DOOR,
MOKUBA!
WAIT FOR US!
HOLD ON A SEC!
HUH?
WE CAN'T JUST TAKE OFF
LIKE THIS!
SOMEBODY'S GOTTA
TELL SERENITY
HER BROTHER'S
ABOUT TO DUEL!
GOOD POINT!
SO...I'LL JUST GO.
BYE!
TRISTAN!
UH!
THIS TOWER'S HIGH-TECH!
I'LL CALL!
Serenity: THANKS FOR
LETTING ME KNOW, MOKUBA,
BUT I'LL STAY HERE.
SOMEONE NEEDS TO HELP
KEEP AN EYE ON MAI.
Mokuba:
YOU SURE?
YUP...
WISH JOEY LUCK.
PLEASE WIN.
Roland: MARIK ISHTAR
AND JOEY WHEELER
WILL FACE OFF IN FIVE MINUTES!
[CHUCKLING]
HMM.
A'RIGHT, CHUMP....
I'M GONNA ENJOY
TAKIN' YOU APART!
HEY,
WHERE'S MY FAN CLUB?
WHY DO YOU
WANT THEM HERE?
SO THEY CAN WITNESS
YOUR DEFEAT?
YOU FOOL!
WHEN YOUR MIND IS ENGULFED
BY THE SHADOWS,
YOU'LL BE GLAD THAT NO ONE
WAS HERE TO SEE IT!
HA HA HA!
Kaiba:
THIS SHOULDN'T TAKE LONG.
Yugi, thinking:
IF JOEY IS DEFEATED BY MARIK,
HE COULD END UP LOSING
MORE THAN JUST THAN
JUST THIS TOURNAMENT!
HE COULD LOSE HIS MIND!
OH, HEY, YUGE!
JOEY, THIS IS GOING
TO BE THE MOST DIFFICULT
AND DANGEROUS DUEL
YOU'VE EVER FOUGHT!
NAHH! MARIK'S GOT
NO CHANCE!
I'M GONNA CRUSH
DAT CREEP.
JUST WAIT AND SEE!
HE'LL BE OUTTA
DIS TOURNAMENT
BEFORE HE CAN SAY...
"FREAK SHOW!"
YOU COULDN'T
BEAT MARIK
IF HE WAS
BLINDFOLDED
AND HANDCUFFED!
I DON'T REMEMBER
ASKIN' YOU!
WAKE UP, WHEELER!
YOU'RE NO MATCH
FOR HIS EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD!
KAIBA! YOU MAY NOT
REMEMBER THIS,
BUT I WENT UP AGAINST
MARIK'S WINGED DRAGON
OF RA ONCE BEFORE, PAL!
AND I DID JUST FINE!
IF MEMORY SERVES ME,
THAT EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
KNOCKED YOU OUT COLD!
FACE IT, WHEELER!
YOU DON'T HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES TO WIN!
I'M THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN DEFEAT RA!
KAIBA, THE WINGED DRAGON
OF RA HOLDS SECRETS
THAT NONE OF US
UNDERSTAND YET!
WRONG! I'VE UNCOVERED
THE SECRETS OF RA!
WHAT!?
Kaiba: WHILE YOU
GEEKS WERE ASLEEP,
MY COMPUTER
WAS TRANSLATING
THE EGYPTIAN WRITING
THAT NO ONE ELSE
COULD!
WELL, WHY DON'T YOU TRY
READING THE TEXT?
OR PERHAPS YOU'RE
IN NEED OF A LESSON
IN THE ANCIENT EGYPTIAN
SCRIPTURES, MY DEAR!
[THINKING]
HE'S GOT ME TRAPPED!
WELL, WHY DON'T I
READ THE TEXT
AND REGAIN CONTROL
OF RA!
GREAT BEAST OF THE SKY,
PLEASE HEAR MY CRY.
TRANSFORM THYSELF
FROM ORB OF LIGHT
AND BRING ME VICTORY
IN THIS FIGHT!
UNLOCK YOUR POWERS
FROM DEEP WITHIN,
SO THAT TOGETHER
WE MAY WIN!
APPEAR IN THIS SHADOW GAME
AS I CALL YOUR NAME...
WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
[ROAR]
BEHOLD MY GREAT BEAST!
Kaiba:
UH! WAIT! THIS CAN'T BE!
I...CAN READ IT!
YOU WHAT!?
[THINKING]
THAT EGYPTIAN TEXT
IS COMPLETELY CLEAR
TO ME!
I CAN READ
THAT PARAGRAPH
AS IF IT WERE WRITTEN
IN ENGLISH,
BUT I'VE NEVER SEEN
THAT LANGUAGE BEFORE
IN MY LIFE!
BIG DEAL, SO YOUR
COMPUTER FIGURED IT
ALL OUT!
Yugi, thinking:
I HAVE A FEELING THERE'S
MORE TO IT THAN THAT!
I BET KAIBA'S CONNECTION
TO THE ANCIENT PAST
SOMEHOW HELPED HIM!
WHEELER.
I'M THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN DEFEAT
THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA,
AND YOU'RE GOING
TO HELP ME!
Joey: FAT CHANCE!
YOU'RE DA LAST PERSON
I'D EVA HELP!
YOU DON'T HAVE
A CHOICE.
I'LL BE WATCHING
YOUR DUEL AGAINST
MARIK VERY CLOSELY
SO I CAN TEST
MY OWN STRATEGY
AND TAKE HIM DOWN
IN THE FINALS!
Yami-Marik: WE'LL SEE.
ONCE I DEFEAT YUGI
IN THE SEMIFINALS,
I'LL GAIN OWNERSHIP
OF SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON,
GIVING ME TWO
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS
IN MY DECK!
THEN I'LL BE READY
TO FACE MARIK,
ONCE YOU'VE SERVED
AS MY LAB RAT,
OF COURSE.
I'M NO LAB RAT!!!
THE FACT THAT
AN AMATEUR LIKE YOU
MADE IT THIS FAR
IN MY TOURNAMENT
BOGGLES MY MIND,
BUT ON THE BRIGHT SIDE,
AT LEAST YOU'RE SERVING
A PURPOSE, WHEELER!
WATCHING YOU LOSE
TO MARIK WILL HELP ME
PERFECT MY PLAN
TO CRUSH HIS
WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
DID I MENTION YOU'RE
GETTIN' ON MY NERVES?!
KAIBA, YOU THINK
YOU HAVE THE REST
OF THIS TOURNAMENT
FIGURED OUT...
HMM.
BUT IN ORDER FOR THIS
SCHEME OF YOURS TO WORK...
YOU HAVE TO
GET PAST ME FIRST!
HA!
Joey: HE KNOWS
IT'S TRUE, YUGE!
WE'LL SOON FIND OUT.
OUR DUEL IS NEXT.
BUT FIRST...
WHEELER HAS A BATTLE
TO LOSE.
I HATE DAT GUY!
WE'RE HERE, BRO!
SO WHAT DID
WE MISS, GUYS?
YEAH, SOMETHING WRONG?
I SENSE TENSION.
Duke: IS KAIBA
BUGGING YOU?
NONE OF YOUR
BUSINESS!
WELL, EXCUSE US,
SUNSHINE!
SOMEONE'S
IN A CHEERFUL MOOD!
[THINKING]
I GOTTA KEEP MY COOL.
KAIBA'S JUST PLAYIN'
MIND GAMES.
I HAFTA IGNORE HIM
AND FOCUS ON TAKIN' DOWN MARIK.
IT'LL BE TOUGH...
BUT I DIDN'T GET WHERE I AM
BY TAKIN' IT EASY!
I CRUSHED SOME OF
DA STRONGEST DUELISTS AROUND
TO GET TO
DA BATTLE CITY FINALS.
BESIDES, DIS IS ABOUT MORE
THAN JUST WINNIN' A DUEL.
IT'S ABOUT KEEPIN' A PROMISE
I MADE TO A FRIEND!
Joey, thinking:
IT'S TIME TO SHOW MARIK
THAT NO ONE MESSES
WITH MY FRIENDS
AND GETS AWAY WITH IT!
A'RIGHT!
YOU'RE GOIN' DOWN, MARIK!
Roland: THE FIRST DUEL
OF THE SEMIFINALS
IS ABOUT TO BEGIN!
TO MY LEFT, MARIK ISHTAR!
TO MY RIGHT...
JOEY WHEELER.
DAT'S MEEE!
Yugi, thinking: COME ON!
YOU CAN DO THIS!
WHIP THIS WACKO,
JOEY!
[CHUCKLING]
THERE IS NOTHING LEFT
FOR ME TO DO BUT WAIT.
THE REST
IS IN THE HANDS OF FATE.
Roland: MARIK WILL BEGIN!
AS YOU WISH.
I PLAY GIL GARTH
IN ATTACK MODE!
THEN I SHALL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
I'LL TAKE IT FROM HERE,
YA NUT CASE!
HMM.
[THINKING]
I'M OFF TO A BAD START!
HIS GIL GARTH
HAS 1,800 ATTACK POINTS,
AND NONE 'A MY CARDS
CAN BEAT IT...YET!
I'LL ALSO PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN!
AND THEN...
I'LL SUMMON
MY ALLIGATOR'S SWORD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
HA HA HA!
THE TIME HAS COME
TO TAKE THIS DUEL
TO THE NEXT LEVEL!
NEXT LEVEL?!
[THINKING]
I KNOW WHERE
DIS IS GOIN'!
[GASP]
I WAS AFRAID MARIK
WOULD DO THIS!
COME ON! AGAIN?!
JOEY!
THIS DUEL'S NOW...
A SHADOW GAME!
SHOW SOME
ORIGINALITY, MARIK!
HA! THE SHADOWS
HUNGER FOR YOUR MIND
AND YOUR SOUL!
YOU DON'T SCARE ME!
THEN WHAT'S THAT I SEE
IN YOUR EYES?
I'D SAY
IT'S THE LOOK OF FEAR!
FEAR THAT YOU'RE
ABOUT TO JOIN YOUR FRIEND
IN THE SHADOW REALM!
LOOK!
SHE'LL BE BACK!
YOU'RE SO NAIVE!
SHE'S PERMANENTLY TRAPPED!
AND WITH EACH
PASSING SECOND,
ANOTHER PORTION
OF HER MIND IS ABSORBED
INTO THE DARKNESS!
HA HA HA!
SOMEONE! PLEASE! HELP!
WHERE AM I?!
HA HA HA!
CAN YOU HEAR
THOSE SCREAMS?
THEY'RE THE HELPLESS CRIES
OF YOUR FRIEND MAI,
AND THE WEAKER SHE GETS,
THE STRONGER MY POWERS GROW!
HEH HEH.
HA HA HA!
YOU'RE NUTS!
WE CAN'T LET JOEY
GO THROUGH WITH THIS DUEL!
THIS IS EXACTLY
WHAT HAPPENED WHEN
MARIK DUELED MAI.
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS!
LET'S STEP IN!
JOEY'S ALREADY
MADE UP HIS MIND!
DIDN'T I TELL YOU
WHAT HE SAID TO ME?!
WHAT'S THAT?
SORRY, YUGI.
I SHOULD HAVE TOLD YOU
ABOUT THIS BEFORE.
JOEY AND I HAD
A CONVERSATION AFTER
MAI'S DUEL WITH MARIK.
I KNOW IF I BEAT
DAT EVIL FREAK IN A DUEL,
I CAN GET MAI BACK!
ARE YOU SURE
ABOUT THIS, JOEY?
I'VE NEVER BEEN
MORE SURE OF ANYTHING
IN MY LIFE.
I OWE IT TO MAI
AND TO MYSELF
TO FACE MARIK.
IF I BACK AWAY
FROM DIS FIGHT NOW,
I'LL NEVA BE ABLE
TO FORGIVE MYSELF.
I'VE MADE UP MY MIND.
I GAVE MAI MY WORD
DAT I WOULDN'T LET
ANYTHING HAPPEN TO HER,
AND JOEY WHEELER
WOULD NEVER BREAK
A PROMISE TO A FRIEND...
SO LOOK OUT, MARIK,
'CAUSE HERE I COME!
SO JOEY'S TRYING
TO RESCUE MAI OUT THERE,
AND NOTHING WE SAY
CAN STOP HIM!
I THOUGHT SO!
THERE'S GOTTA BE
SOMETHING WE CAN DO
TO SAVE JOEY!
I KNOW HE PROMISED
TO BRING BACK MAI,
BUT THERE HAS TO BE
ANOTHER WAY!
YUGI...
IT'S HIS FIGHT.
[GASP]
JUST AS JOEY MADE
A PROMISE TO MAI,
WE MADE A PROMISE
TO JOEY
THAT WE WOULD STOP
PROTECTING HIM!
WE MUST PROVE
TO JOEY THAT WE
BELIEVE IN HIM
BY LETTING HIM DUEL
ON HIS OWN!
WE CAN'T!
TRUST HIM, YUGI!
HE CAN WIN,
BUT HE NEEDS OUR
FAITH AND SUPPORT!
Tea: HANG IN THERE, JOEY!
WE'RE ALL RIGHT HERE!
Joey, thinking:
I GOTTA BEAT MARIK
AT HIS OWN TWISTED GAME,
OR LOSE MY MIND TRYIN'!
SO LET'S DO DIS!
BRING IT ON!
I'M READY
FOR YOUR SHADOW GAME!
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE ABOUT
TO EXPERIENCE?
I DOUBT IT.
THE ANCIENT DARK MAGIC
I'VE CONJURED
WILL DEVASTATE YOU!
YOU POOR SOUL!
MY MOVE!
YOU MAY HAVE SEEN THE POWER
OF THE SHADOWS BEFORE,
BUT AS THE ENERGIES
WITHIN ME GROW,
SO DOES THE STRENGTH
OF MY SHADOW MAGIC!
ARE YOU HERE TA TAWK,
OR ARE YOU HERE
TA DUEL?!
AREN'T YOU
THE LEAST BIT CURIOUS
HOW THIS SHADOW GAME
WILL DIFFER
FROM THE ONE
THAT YOUR FRIEND LOST?
AS ALWAYS,
THE LOSER OF THE DUEL
WILL BE BANISHED
TO THE SHADOW REALM
FOR ETERNITY,
BUT THERE'S A BIT MORE!
Joey: SAY WHAT?!
YOU'LL SOON FIND OUT!
AND THEN...
MARK MY WORDS...
YOU'LL WISH
YOU NEVER FACED ME!
GRR!
JOEY CAN'T LET MARIK
KEEP MESSING WITH
HIS HEAD LIKE THIS!
Duke: YEAH, IT'S ALL
PART OF MARIK'S
WARPED MIND GAME!
DON'T LET HIM
GET TO YA, JOEY!
RIGHT! I'M READY
TA RUMBLE, YA BIG FREAK!
THEN LET
THE SHADOW GAME BEGIN!
READY?!
HEY,
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?!
YOU MIND TELLIN' ME
WHY DIS DING
IS CONNECTIN' ME
TO MY MONSTA?!
DIDN'T I TELL YOU
THAT THIS DUEL
WAS A BIT DIFFERENT?!
I DECIDED TO RAISE
THE STAKES
BY ADDING THESE
ENERGY STREAMS TO OUR GAME.
NOW WHENEVER
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACKED,
YOUR BODY WILL BE DRAINED
OF A LITTLE MORE ENERGY,
LEAVING YOU WEAKER
THAN BEFORE.
HA HA HA!
JUST GO!
WITH GREAT PLEASURE,
MR. WHEELER!
I'LL SUMMON DRILLAGO
IN ATTACK MODE!
DRILLAGO, ATTACK!
DESTROY HIS ALLIGATOR'S SWORD
AND DRAIN HIS ENERGY!
AAH!
JOEY!
STAY STRONG.
DAT WASN'T FUN.
IT'S THE ULTIMATE TEST
OF HIS STRENGTH.
C'MON, JOEY!
A'RIGHT THEN,
SO DIS DUEL'S
GOT A LITTLE TWIST,
BUT IT CAN WORK
AGAINST YOU, TOO!
[THINKING]
HE DOESN'T REALIZE
THAT MY INNER STRENGTH
IS FAR SUPERIOR TO HIS!
GIL GARTH, ATTACK
HIS LIFE POINTS DIRECTLY!
JOEY! NO!
I REVEAL MY
SCAPEGOAT MAGIC CARD
TO PROTECT ME!
WHAT'S THIS?!
AND SINCE MY SCAPEGOAT'S
NOT A MONSTER CARD,
THERE'S NO ENERGY STREAM
TA ZAP ME!
NICE MOVE, JOEY!
HMM! WELL, IT LOOKS AS THOUGH
I'VE UNDERESTIMATED YOU!
MAKE YOUR MOVE.
OH, I WILL!
STAND BACK!
READ IT AND WEEP!
'CAUSE NOW I SUMMON
MY GOOD BUDDY
PANTHER WARRIOR
TO DA FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
READY FOR A TASTE
'A YOUR OWN MEDICINE?!
I'LL SACRIFICE
ONE SCAPEGOAT
TO JUMP-START MY PANTHA
AND ATTACK
YOUR GIL GARTH!
YEAH, BABY!
UNH!
[CHUCKLING]
DAT ONE WAS FOR MAI!
HEH HEH! SPEAKING
OF YOUR FRIEND MAI,
HER MIND SHOULD BE
EMPTY BY NOW!
YOUR HEAD GAMES
WON'T WORK ON ME!
MY TURN IS DONE!
HMM. AND SO ARE YOU.
YOU'VE HAD YOUR FUN,
BUT NOW...
IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO END ALL THAT WITH THIS!
MY TRIBUTE BURIAL CARD!
NO WAY!
NOW I CAN BRING
ONE MONSTER BACK
FROM EACH
OF OUR GRAVEYARDS
AND SACRIFICE THEM
TO SUMMON AN EVEN
STRONGER CREATURE
TO DRAIN WHATEVER'S LEFT
OF YOUR STRENGTH, WHEELER!
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD!
GIL GARTH!
I SACRIFICE YOU
TO SUMMON THIS!
THE MIGHTY HELPOEMER!
[ROARING]
AND I CAN ASSURE YOU THAT
THIS NEW MONSTER OF MINE
IS MORE THAN HE
APPEARS TO BE!
[THINKING]
WHAT DOES HE MEAN
BY DAT?!
IT'S GOT
THE SAME STRENGTH
AS MY PANTHER WARRIOR,
UNLESS IT HAS
A HIDDEN ABILITY!
I GOTTA FIND OUT,
OR I'M DONE!
I'LL PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND THEN END MY TURN!
HUH?
Yugi, thinking:
WHY DIDN'T MARIK ATTACK?
HE MUST BE UP TO SOMETHING!
TIME FOR ME TA PUT YOU
IN YOUR PLACE!
SO LOOK OUT!
[THINKING]
AWESOME! IT'S JINZO!
DIS BAD BOY
CAN REARRANGE
HIS HELPOEMER'S FACE
ONE, TWO, THREE,
BUT I GOTTA BE
CAREFUL.
HE COULDA BLASTED
MY SCAPEGOAT LAST TURN,
AND HE HELD BACK!
HE MUST WANT ME
TO ATTACK HIS HELPOEMER
SO HE CAN SPRING
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
ON ME!
I CAN'T RISK MY JINZO
JUST YET!
IT'S SHOW TIME!
I SUMMON
ROCKET WARRIOR...
IN ATTACK MODE!
YOU FOOL!
YOU FELL DIRECTLY
INTO MY TRAP!
REVEAL FACEDOWN CARD!
BY SUMMONING A MONSTER
IN ATTACK MODE,
YOU ACTIVATED MY
HIDDEN SOLDIERS TRAP CARD!
THIS GIVES ME THE ABILITY
TO SUMMON ANY MONSTER
WITH FOUR STARS OR LESS!
MEET MY PLASMA EEL!
UH!
NOW I'LL ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY!
THE POWER OF PLASMA GRIP!
NOW FOR THE FUN PART.
WHEN MY EEL ATTACHES ITSELF
TO A MONSTER,
IT LOWERS THAT
MONSTER'S STRENGTH,
SO YOUR PANTHER
LOSES 500 POINTS,
AND ACCORDING TO THE RULES
OF OUR SHADOW GAME...
AS YOUR MONSTER
IS DRAINED OF ITS ENERGY,
SO ARE YOU, WHEELER!
[ROAR]
UNH!
FIGHT IT, JOEY!
HANG IN THERE!
WELL, NOW.
ARE YOU BEGINNING
TO REGRET DUELING ME?
[THINKING]
I WON'T GIVE UP
ON YOU, MAI.
FORGET ABOUT ME! JUST GO!
NO WAY, MAI!
NOT WITHOUT YOU!
NOW, WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
DESTROY THEM BOTH!
HANG IN THERE!
YOU'RE GONNA BE OK, MAI!
I PROMISE!
AND I NEVA BREAK A PROMISE
TO A FRIEND!
HA HA HA!
YOU'LL NEVER...
BREAK MY SPIRIT...MARIK!
I...MADE A...PROMISE!
[THINKING]
UNH! DAT EVIL CREEP
CAN DRAIN MY PHYSICAL
STRENGTH ALL HE WANTS,
BUT HE'LL NEVA DRAIN
MY DETERMINATION!
I GAVE MAI MY WORD
DAT I'D RESCUE HER,
AND THERE'S NO WAY
I'M GIVIN' UP!
UNH! AAH!
WHAT'S THIS?
THAT FOOL SHOULD BE
BEGGING FOR MERCY!
YOU CAN'T KEEP ME DOWN,
NOT AS LONG AS I HAVE
SOMETHING TO FIGHT FOR!
ACTIVATE
ROCKET WARRIOR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
INVINCIBLE MODE!
ATTACK HIS HELPOEMER!
UNH!
NOT ONLY DID HE DRAIN
THAT MONSTER'S STRENGTH,
HE DRAINED MARIK'S, TOO!
DAT'S RIGHT!
NEXT, I'LL SACRIFICE
A SCAPEGOAT,
LETTING PANTHER WARRIOR
STRIKE BACK!
TIME TO ATTACK NOW!
SLICE AND DICE
HIS HELPOEMER!
AAH!
UNH! UHH!
EAT DAT!
HEH HEH HEH.
HA HA HA!
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
THANK YOU,
LITTLE JOEY.
BY ATTACKING MY BEAST,
YOU'VE CAUSED
YOUR OWN DEMISE!
HUH? HOW'S DAT?!
IT'S SIMPLE...
WHEN YOU SENT MY HELPOEMER
TO THE CARD GRAVEYARD,
YOU ACTIVATED MY MONSTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
WHAT'S ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY?!
PATIENCE, MY BOY,
FOR YOU'RE ABOUT
TO FIND OUT,
AND I DOUBT
YOU'LL LIKE IT!
HUH? YOUR CARD!
IT'S IN YOUR
GRAVEYARD NOW!
HA! IT GETS MUCH BETTER!
NOW IT CAN DESTROY YOU...
FROM WITHIN
YOUR OWN DUEL DISK!
I DON'T GET IT!
HOW'S IT GONNA
DESTROY ME?
AAH! OH, MAN!
TIME FOR YOU TO LEARN
HELPOEMER'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
YEAH?
SAY FAREWELL
TO A RANDOM CARD
FROM YOUR HAND!
AAH! HEY!
NOT DAT CARD!
YES! AND I'M AFRAID
THERE'S PLENTY MORE
WHERE THAT CAME FROM!
FOR AS LONG
AS MY HELPOEMER REMAINS
IN YOUR CARD GRAVEYARD,
YOU'LL LOSE ONE CARD
EVERY TURN!
Yugi, thinking: OH, NO!
IF HE KEEPS LOSING CARDS
FROM HIS HAND,
JOEY'LL NEVER BEAT MARIK!
THIS IS
EVEN MORE AMUSING
THAN MY DUEL AGAINST
YOUR FRIEND MAI!
BUT IN THE END...
I'M AFRAID YOUR FATE
WILL BE EXACTLY THE SAME
AS HERS--
AN ETERNITY
IN THE SHADOW REALM!
HEH HEH HEH.
HA HA HA HA!